Kenny Dancy Flower diagram
 
 
Geography
 
I currently live in Orange County, CA, near Irvine.  I enjoy living in this area, and is important for me to be able to stay here during my career.  I believe that there is a lot of career opportunities in this area.  These opportunities will allow me to further my career as a computer programmer and analyst.  This area is a great place to live, because of mild climate, abundance of beaches, mountains, restaurants, entertainment, and recreation activities.
 
Interest
 
I enjoy the watching professional sports like National football League football, National and American league baseball, National Basketball Association basketball, and National Hockey League hockey.  I enjoy competition in trivia games, pool, and foosball.  I enjoy travelling to see new places and staying there with my wife and kids. I enjoy eating out at restaurants with my family.  I enjoy working around the house on chores with my wife or on remodeling and renovations project tasks.
 
People and Environments
 
I enjoy working in a relaxed casual environment.  I like to be able to focus on my tasks with minimal distractions.  I also like the idea of a work area like I see at tech startups, that have ping pong tables, and relaxing areas, and places to walk around to stretch out and communicate with other fellow employees..
 
Values, Purposes, and Goals
 
My values are being justly rewarded for working well and accomplishing tasks.  I enjoy having a purpose for my existence, and that purpose is to help a business organization, with their software programming needs.  One of my goals is to find an opportunity with one of these business organizations and help them to organize and streamline their information technology software management.
 
Working Conditions
 
I would desire an employment opportunity where I would have flexible working hours. I would not want to work weekends and nights that would take away time that I could spend with my wife and children.  I currently work in a place that has a break room with coffee and snack machines.  That is a good place to go when a break is needed.  I also desire working for managers who are attuned to needs of their subordinates.
 
 
Salary and Level of Responsibility
 
I desire a salary level that is fair, and will help me to provide for my family's needs and desires.  Also good medical benefits are needed, but am hoping that government will take over this task, and relieve businesses of this burden.  That will allow them to concentrate more resources on business needs and less efforts on managing health care.
 
Skills
 
I have strong analytical skills that allow me to solve programming issues.  I also have good communication skills that help to identify issues with other workers.  This helps to solve issues in a timely manner. I am also am able to pick up new skills very easily.  I enjoy working with others on software project and code testing.  I also enjoy discussions on skill sharing, and those opportunities.
 
 
 
 
 
 
